---
layout: post
title: En Pod Minutes
date: 2016-06-23
weather: starry
categories: EN
tags: [EN,Writing]
description: 
---

# En Pod Minutes

---

- partner in crime: a person you always do things together with
	- I am joined by my partner in crime, Bob Copeland.

---

- not a day goes by: [80] phrase used to show you always do something
	- From the moment I met you, not a day has gone by when I haven’t thought of you.

---

- no matter what: [80] despite of anything may happen
	- I’ll always be here for you, no matter what.

---

- get worked up: [80] angry, excited, or upset about something
	- I’m sorry if I got you all worked up over nothing.

---

- hit the ground running: to be ready to work immediately on a new activity
    - His previous experience will allow him to hit the ground running when he takes over the Commerce Department.

---

- DUI: [82]driving under influence
	- penalties and arrests are the only ways in which DUI (driving under influence) cases can be curbed.

---

- bother:[82]
	- Howdy man. What seems to be the problem? Is this man bothering you?

---

- suspect of: [82]to think or believe that someone has done something.
	- I suspect the clerk of stealing. 
	- Ted was suspected of leaving the door unlocked when he left last Friday.

---

- be sealed:[83]
	- The exits have been sealed and the doors will remain locked in until the local authorities arrive.

---

- hang on: [84] hold on
	- Just hang on there a sec. Can I get a price check on ” Fun Times” please!

---

- allow for sb/sth:to consider or include somebody/something when calculating something
	- It will take about an hour to get there, allowing for traffic delays.
	- All these factors must be allowed for.

cont.