---
layout: post
title: writing day 2
date: 2016-01-26
categories: EN
tags: [EN,Writing]
description: 
---



---

# Day 2: Lifestyle
---

# **TASK I: Integrated Writing**

> Reading:

- Many environmentalists are wary of allowing the introduction of new species into an ecosystem. Ecosystems are fragile, and invasive species can often cause many problems when they are introduced where they do not belong. In fact, when they invade a new ecosystem, they often have several harmful effects.

- For one, the introduction of new species can ruin the local ecosystem in many ways. First, it can act as a predator and eat other local species, thereby causing their extinction. Another way is that it can consume too much of a valuable local food source. This consumption can cause other animals not to be able to eat as much as they are accustomed to. The result may be a decrease in the number of native species.

- Another way that nonnative species can be harmful is by causing the people who live in that area to suffer from financial losses. An example of this is the mesquite tree in the American Southwest. It thrives in areas with little water. However, because it soaks up the water from the ground, nearby grasses do not get enough and die. This causes local ranchers to lose money since they have to pay extra for animal feed. Also, the mesquite tree regenerates easily, so farmers must pay large amounts of money to remove the trees from their land.

    Kansas 
    Texas 
    cane toad
    
    
> Transcript:

- Why don’t we discuss a few more invasive species before today’s class ends? Now, although we’ve discussed a lot of harmful invasive species, please remember that they are not always detrimental to the local ecosystem. In fact, I could name a few that have actually been, well, beneficial. Don’t believe me? Okay, listen to this.

- Everyone knows that Kansas is famous for wheat and Texas is celebrated for cows. Well, they are both, uh, invasive species. And they haven’t done any harm to the environment. For example, wheat has not caused the extinction of any local wildlife. It doesn’t use up an excessive amount of resources like some invasive species do. And cows, of course, are not predators, so no animals have been killed by them while they graze.

- Those are two examples of harmless invasive species. But how about invasive species that are, uh, beneficial? Yeah, it sometimes happens. A perfect case is that of the cane toad, which was introduced for farmers down in Florida, among other places, Cane toads devour many harmful insects, so they keep the bug population down. Also, since the toads eat so many insects, farmers don’t have use any pesticides that could be dangerous human. So, cane toads are actually helpful to many people, showing that invasive species sometimes do have benefits.

> Answer:

- The reading passage and lecture both talk about invasive species. But they disagree as to the effects on their new environments. The professor believes that invasive species have no effect on their environment or are beneficial. However, the reading passage believes they are harmful.

- The lecturer first states that many invasive species, like Kansas wheat and Texas cows, do not negatively affect the environment. He claims that neither on of them has caused the extinction of any species. The reading, however, disagrees and claims that many nonnative species are predators, so they hunt some animals to extinction. Also, they sometimes eat all of an area’s food supply, which causes local animals to die of starvation.

- The professor also asserts that some invasive species can be beneficial to their new environments. He cites the example of the cane toad in Florida. He claim that cane toads insects, so they keep the bug population down and allow farmers not to use dangerous insecticides. However, the reading claims that some invasive species, like the mesquite tree, cause financial harm to farmers. The reading states that since mesquite trees kill grass, farmers must pay more for animal feed. It is also expensive to remove them from the land. 

- Clearly, the two passages disagree with one another with regards to the value of invasive species.

---

> Task1 cont.




---

# **TASK II: Independent Writing**

> Sample 1: In some countries, many more people are choosing to live alone nowadays than in the past. Do you think this is a positive or negative development?

- In recent years it has become far more normal for people to live alone, particularly in large cities in the developed world. In my opinion, this trend could have both positive and negative consequences in equal measure.

- The rise in one-person households can be seen as positive for both personal and broader economic reasons. On an individual level, people who choose to live alone may become more independent and self-reliant than those who live with family members. A young adult who lives alone, for example, will need to learn to cook, clean, pay bills and manage his or her budget, all of which are valuable life skills; an increase in the number of such individuals can certainly be seen as a positive development. From an economic perspective, the trend towards living alone will result in greater demand for housing. This is likely to benefit the construction industry, estate agents and a whole host of other companies that rely on homeowners to buy their products or services.

- However, the personal and economic arguments given above can be considered from the opposite angle. Firstly, rather than the positive feeling of increased independence, people who live alone may experience feelings of loneliness, isolation and worry. They miss out on the emotional support and daily conversation that family or flatmates can provide, and they must bear the weight of all household bills and responsibilities; in this sense, perhaps the trend towards living alone is a negative one. Secondly, from the financial point of view, a rise in demand for housing is likely to push up property prices and rents. While this may benefit some businesses, the general population, including those who live alone, will be faced with rising living costs.

- In conclusion, the increase in one-person households will have both beneficial and detrimental effects on individuals and on the economy.

---

> Sample 2: The older generations tend to have very traditional ideas about how people should live, think and behave. However, some people believe that these ideas are not helpful in preparing younger generations for modern life. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this view?

- It is true that many older people believe in traditional values that often seem incompatible with the needs of younger people. While I agree that some traditional ideas are outdated, I believe that others are still useful and should not be forgotten.

- On the one hand, many of the ideas that elderly people have about life are becoming less relevant for younger people. In the past, for example, people were advised to learn a profession and find a secure job for life, but today’s workers expect much more variety and diversity from their careers. At the same time, the ‘rules’ around relationships are being eroded as young adults make their own choices about who and when to marry. But perhaps the greatest disparity between the generations can be seen in their attitudes towards gender roles. The traditional roles of men and women, as breadwinners and housewives, are no longer accepted as necessary or appropriate by most younger people.

- On the other hand, some traditional views and values are certainly applicable to the modern world. For example, older generations attach great importance to working hard, doing one’s best, and taking pride in one’s work, and these behaviours can surely benefit young people as they enter today’s competitive job market. Other characteristics that are perhaps seen as traditional are politeness and good manners. In our globalised world, young adults can expect to come into contact with people from a huge variety of backgrounds, and it is more important than ever to treat others with respect. Finally, I believe that young people would lead happier lives if they had a more ‘old-fashioned’ sense of community and neighbourliness.

- In conclusion, although the views of older people may sometimes seem unhelpful in today’s world, we should not dismiss all traditional ideas as irrelevant.

---

> Sample 3: A small town vs. a big city

- Where shall we **live**? Some may **choose to live** in big cities, while other **like** the natural and quiet surroundings in the countryside. As far as I am concerned, I **would like to live** in a big city because living in a big city **has more** advantages than living in the countryside.

- To begin with, the city **is** the symbol of human civilization and **there are** a many facilities for living, recreation and health care. Therefore, living there **is** more convenient than living in the countryside. For example, we **can find** a plenty of malls around our neighborhood, where we **can buy** everyday necessities at a low price. Furthermore, people **concern more about** their health and safety than other things in their lives. In big cities, medical facilities and emergency services **are easily accessible** than in the countryside. Big cities also **have** convenient transportation and utility systems. They also **offer** faster Internet connections. These all **make** our life easier in big cities.

- In addition, we **can take** part in a variety of events in big cities. Human being **likes to live** together and **need to interact with** each other. In a big city, the population density **is** high therefore **there are** always plenty of social activities, sports events and concerts. **There are** more recreational places in big cities, such as opera houses, movie theatres, clubs, and swimming pools. You **will have** many kinds of entertainment in big cities, and **meet** many people. In countryside, however, the life **may be** dull and quite, and you may only **have** a few neighbors. Living alone with few activities **can easily cause** mental diseases.

- Some **may argue** that the pollution in cities **makes** people sick. However, with automobiles and modern highways we **can easily take** a break **to expose to** fresh air in the countryside and sunshine on the beach.

- In conclusion, I strongly **hold** that living in big cities **is much better** than living in the countryside because of the advanced facilities and social activities in cities. Moreover, the autos and highways **enable us to enjoy** the natural and quiet surroundings in the countryside.



---


<h4 class="alert alert-info" data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#demo">
Lifestyle
</h4>

<pre id="demo" class="alert alert-warning collapse" style="font-size: 15px;"> 

Money 

Money and Society 
Society has become increasingly materialistic 
People aspire to earn more money 
They want a bigger house or a better car 
We connect wealth and material possessions with happiness and success 
Brands like “Armani” or ”Mercedes” are status symbols 
Advertising creates new desires and needs 
It persuades us to buy the latest styles 
Positives of Consumerism 
Consumerism creates employment 
It helps to reduce poverty 
It encourages innovation and creativity in business 
We live in a global economy We have a better quality of life 
Negatives of Consumerism 
Consumerist societies create more waste 
They use more natural resources 
They cause damage to the environment 
Consumerism creates a “throw-away” culture 
Advertisers tell us who we are and what we want 
Personality 

Happiness 
Happiness means different things to different people 
It can be described as a feeling of pleasure or enjoyment 
People enjoy spending time with family and friends 
Hobbies, sports and games can be a source of fun and enjoyment 
Some people see money as a source of happiness 
Other people define happiness as something deeper 
In order to be truly happy it is necessary to live a good life 
We need to feel that we are doing something useful with our lives 
Some people get a sense of achievement from their work 
Others find happiness in bringing up their children 
Religion or a sense of purpose can also be a source of happiness 

Success 
People define success in different ways 
Some people get a sense of achievement from raising a family 
For others, success is defined by wealth or status 
We often think of rich and famous people as being successful in life 
Millionaires like Bill Gates are considered to be successful 
They have risen to the top in their chosen professions 
For some, being successful means achieving personal or professional goals 
They see success as the result of hard work 
Success in any field requires long-term planning and effort 

Nature or Nurture 
Some people believe that our personalities are determined mainly by genetics 
We inherit our abilities and talents from our parents 
Others think that our education and upbringing are more important 
We develop according to the influences around us 
Our personalities and achievements depend more on nurture than nature 
Many people argue that we control our own destinies 
We can shape our own personalities 
By working hard we can achieve and goal that we put our minds to 
Many successful people are “self-made” 
We are not limited by our genetic characteristic or upbringing 

Family 

Family size 
Families in many countries are not as large as they used to be 
We tend to live in small nuclear families rather than large extended families 
Parents tend to have fewer children 
Young children are no longer expected to work 
Nowadays both parents often work It costs so much to bring children up 
It is more difficult to raise a large family 
Working parents (also see “gender” topic) 
Children and their parents seem to be less close nowadays 
Parents spend less time with their children 
Women traditionally stayed at home to cook, clean and look after children 
Nowadays both parents often work full time 
Children may be left alone, or with nannies or babysitters 
Busy parents have less contact with their children 
Many families no longer eat meals together 
Children spend more time with friends or surfing the Internet 
Negative effects on Children 
The lack of closeness in families can have a negative effect on children 
Many parents have no idea how their children spend their time 
Friends, television and the Internet become the main influence on children’s behavior 
Teenagers are influenced by peer pressure 
Some of them join gangs 
Juvenile delinquency is on the increase 
Parents should be more involved with their children’s upbringing 
Young people need positive role models 

Divorce 
In the past, divorce was unacceptable 
It was considered to be embarrassing for a family 
People stayed together for religious or family reasons 
Divorce is more socially acceptable nowadays 
It has become much more common 
Divorce can be extremely stressful 
Lone parents may face financial difficulties 
Many single parents have to rely on benefits paid by the state 
Divorce can have a negative effect on children 
Children from single-parent families are more likely to get lower grades or drop out of school. 
The rise in divorce rates may be connected to some social problems 

Care for Old people 
Caring for elderly people was traditionally the responsibility of families 
Adults had to look after their elderly parents 
A woman’s job was to stay at home taking care of her family 
Nowadays, fewer elderly people are looked after by their relatives 
Residential homes provide care for large number of elderly people 
Some families are unable to look after elderly relatives 
Families tend to be smaller these days, and women often have full-time jobs 
Cares homes provide a professional service for senior citizens 
Nurses are better trained than family members 
Care for Old people: Opinion 
The best form of care for the elderly depends on the family situation 
It depends on whether family members have the time resources 
We all have a responsibility towards the older people in our society 
Governments should invest money in facilities and training for care workers. 
Health 
Diet 

The human body requires a balanced diet 
An unhealthy diet can cause various health problems 
Obesity, diabetes and heart disease are on the increase 
Many people nowadays rely on fast food or pre-prepared meals 
These foods often contain too much fat, salt and sugar 
They are cheap to buy and very easy to prepare 
Many young people have grown up on a diet of convenience foods 
Populations in developed countries are increasingly overweight 

Exercise 
Regular exercise is essential in maintaining a healthy body 
Exercise burns calories and helps to build healthy bones and muscles 
Doctors advise exercising at least three times a week for 20 minutes 
Most people nowadays lead a sedentary lifestyle 
We tend to walk less and do desk jobs Most adults relax by watching television 
Children play video games rather than doing outdoor sports 
In the past, people were more active in their jobs and at home 

Government’s Role 
Governments have a significant role to play in reducing obesity 
More and more people, including young children are seriously overweight 
They are at risk of heart disease and diabetes 
This situation will increase the burden on hospitals and taxpayers 
Hospitals rely on the government for money and resources 
Governments should promote a healthy diet and regular exercise 
There should be more time for sports on school timetables 
Unhealthy junk food should be banned from school menus 
People need information about what foods contain 
Food packaging must show the food’s nutritional content 
The British Government recommends eating five portions of fruit and vegetables per day 

State Health system: advantages 
Good healthcare should be available to everyone for free 
State healthcare is paid by the government using money from taxes
Everyone has access to the same quality of care and treatment 
Private healthcare is unfair because only wealthy people can afford it 
The National Health Service in the UK provides free healthcare for every resident 

Private Healthcare: advantages 
State hospitals are often very large and difficult to run 
Private hospitals have shorter waiting lists for operations and appointments 
Patients can benefit from faster treatment 
Many people prefer to pay for more a personal service 
Patients have their own room and more comfortable facilities 
Alternative medicine: Positives 
People are increasingly using alternative medicines to treat illnesses. 
For example, acupuncture can be used to treat backache 
Herbal medicines can be used to treat allergies or viruses 
Many patients report positive experiences with these treatments 
Some traditional cures have been used for hundreds of years 
Alternative medicine: Negatives 
Many alternative medicines have not been tested scientifically 
They may have no beneficial effect at all 
They may cause unknown side effects 
People should trust the opinions of qualified doctors 
An illness could get worse without treatment from a doctor 

Stress 
Modern lifestyles are increasingly stressful 
People work long hours with strict deadlines 
Our busy lifestyles mean we have less time to relax 
Unemployment is a major cause of stress 
Children may be affected by their parents’ relationship problems 
Tests and exams can also cause stress 
How to reduce stress 
Stress can be reduced by taking regular exercise and eating a healthy diet 
It is also important to get sufficient sleep and make leisure time a priority 
People should work less overtime and take regular holidays 
Schools have started to employ psychologists 
They can offer emotional support to students 
They can help students to cope with exam stress 
Television, Internet, Phones 

Positives of television 
Watching television is a good way to relax 
It is many people’s favorite way to wind down after a hard day at work 
Television programs can be entertaining and enjoyable 
Viewers have access to a huge variety of entertainment channels 
Television brings the best comedians, musicians and actors into our homes 
Programmers can also be informative and educational 
News coverage makes the public aware of events around the world 
Documentaries can make learning more interesting 

Negatives of Television 
Television is having a negative impact on society 
Some people link violence on television with crime rates in the real world
Children copy the behaviour they see on the screen 
Children are less healthy because they spend less time playing 
Advertisers direct their marketing at children 
Most programs do not require much thought 
Watching TV is a waste of time

Opinions about Television 
Television has many benefits However, it can be addictive 
Children should play outside rather than sit in front of a screen all day 
Behaviour shown on TV can influence people 
Parents should choose carefully what their children watch 
Children should not be exposed to violence, swearing or sexual images 
Advertising during children’s programs should be strictly controlled 
TV companies should make more positive, educational programs 

Positives of the Internet 
There are many advantages to using the Internet 
It gives us instant access to information on almost any subject 
Shops and other services are now available online 
People can buy goods and services from the comfort of their homes 
The Internet is starting to replace other forms of entertainment 
It has revolutionized communication 
We can keep in touch by email or instant messenger services 
Video messaging is becoming common for business meetings 

Negatives of the internet 
Many websites contain offensive content 
Some sites show violent or sexual images 
Parents find it difficult to control what their children see online 
They do not always know who their children are chatting to 
With so many websites it is difficult to search for good information 
Criminals increasingly use the Internet to steal people’s money

Internet compared to newspaper and books 
Newspapers and books are now published online as well as in print 
We can read the news in any language from any country in the world 
It costs nothing to publish or access information on the Internet 
The Internet allows anybody to publish their own writing 
Newspaper articles and books are written by professionals 
Professionals produce better quality writing than amateur 
People still buy newspapers and books because they are portable 
People do not like reading from a screen 

Positives of Mobile Phones 
The mobile phone is the most popular gadget in today’s world 
Mobile phones have revolutionized the way we communicate 
We can stay in touch with family, friends and colleagues wherever we are 
Users can send text messages, surf the Internet, take photos and listen to music 
Mobiles have also become fashion accessories

Negatives of Mobile Phones 
Mobiles phones can be a problem in some public places 
Ringing phones cause disturbance in cinemas and school lessons 
Some people are not aware that others can hear their conversations 
Mobile phones may also interfere with electronic equipment 
Their waves could cause damage to our brains 
Mobile phones can also be a dangerous distraction 
Using a phone while driving reduces the driver’s concentration 
Mobile phones are a popular target for thieves 
Opinion about Mobile Phones 
The benefits of mobile phones outweigh the drawbacks 
We need to use these phones with care

Tourism 
Positives of Tourism 
Tourism is a popular leisure activity 
People go on holiday to relax and have fun 
Tourists can experience different cultures 
They can sunbathe on beaches or go sight-seeing 
Travelling abroad opens our minds 
We can learn to speak other languages 
The tourist trade is vital for some economies 
It creates employment in services like accommodation, transport and entertainment 
Some areas rely on tourism for their income 

Tourists spend money 
Tourism attracts investment from multi-national companies 
It helps to improve the standard of living 
Low-cost airlines are making it cheaper to travel abroad 
Negative effects of tourism 
Tourism can have a negative effect on the natural environment 
The building of facilities and infrastructure can destroy the habitat of wild animals 
Beautiful beaches are spoilt by the building of hotels 
Tourism creates pollution and waste 
It puts pressure on local resources 
Local traditional and cultures may be endangered 
A rise in the cost of living affects local people 
The price of goods, services and housing may increase significantly 

The future of tourism 
Government should introduce laws to protect natural environments and local cultures 
Tourism should have a low impact on wildlife 
Renewable resources like solar or water power should be used 
Waste should be recycled 
Local businesses such as farms should be supported 

General ideas:
a consumer society, materialistic, earn money, make money, make a profit, success, material possessions, connect wealth with happiness, status symbols, the power of advertising.
Positives of consumerism:
employment, income, salaries, products that we need, reduce poverty, better standard of living, quality of life, creativity and innovation, trade between countries.
Negatives:
create waste, use natural resources, damage to the environment, throw-away culture, people become greedy, selfish, money does not make us happy, loss of traditional values.
Tags
Online shopping, fast food/processed food, sedentary life style, materialistic

</pre>

---

[TOC]


---

# Cheat Paper





<!--Ray's LINKS-->


